= sauce

Ruby access to SauceLab's features

== Features
Current:
* Treat tunnels like ruby objects. Find/create/destroy

Planned:
* ActiveRecord-like interface for video recordings, jobs logs, reverse tunnels
* Start/stop local instances of Sauce RC

== Install
Make sure you're pulling in gems from gemcutter, and then:

<tt>gem install sauce</tt>

== Example
Here's how to start a tunnel using the Sauce gem

<tt>
require 'rubygems'
require 'sauce'

account = YAML.load_file "live_account.yml"
client = Sauce::Client.new(:username => account["username"],
                           :access_key => account["access_key"])
tunnel = client.create_tunnel('DomainNames' => ["123.456.789.123"])
tunnel.refresh!

client.tunnels # => [#<Sauce::Tunnel:0x1250e6c @host=nil, @status="running", @id="389a1c2a3d49861474c512e9a904be9e", @client=#<RestClient::Resource:0x1257fb4 @block=nil, @url="https://username:access_key@saucelabs.com/rest/username/", @options={}>, @owner="username">]

tunnel.destroy # or client.destroy_all_tunnels
</tt>

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Sauce Labs Inc. See LICENSE for details.
